A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
A love for tradition has never weakened a nation, indeed it has strengthened nations in their hour of peril.
All great things are simple, and many can be expressed in single words: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
Although prepared for martyrdom, I preferred that it be postponed.
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all.
From now on, ending a sentence with a preposition is something up with which I will not put.
He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
I always avoid prophesying beforehand, because it is much better policy to prophesy after the event has taken place.
I cannot pretend to feel impartial about colours. I rejoice with the brilliant ones and am genuinely sorry for the poor browns.
I have always felt that a politician is to be judged by the animosities he excites among his opponents.
I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
If we open a quarrel between the past and the present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried.
It is a mistake to try to look too far ahead. The chain of destiny can only be grasped one link at a time.
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing ever happened.
Never hold discussions with the monkey when the organ grinder is in the room.
Personally I'm always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
The price of greatness is responsibility.